Another sister Qi Le
I didn't expect you to be so awesome
low key
I went to Qile to get music
Why didn't I find you so amazing before?
That's not
Boss, I said before that I will do a lot
I said, how do you take over the contract room?
I thought you were bragging before
Oh, is that okay?
Hidden away?
I've been looking for you for several days, so I'm soaking here
Hey, boss, how is your injury?
Ah, it's nothing to take the fatal wound.
Is the boss going to the hospital?
Just kidding.
It's already fine.
You startled me.
Okay, I'll come to you this time
I want to get you some money to spend.
It's okay, I have money
Spend whatever you want, you're going to bleed
But boss, what do you want money for?
Wow
Recruitment